.TH SLINKY 1 "28 February 1986"
.UC 4
.SH NAME
slinky \- slinky linker
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B slinky
[ option ] ... file ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Slinky
is a multi-file relocating object linker designed to be used in conjunction
with the
.I Macross
assembler.
.I Slinky
links the given
.I Macross
object files in the order specified on the command line together into one
executable object file.
.PP
The following options are interpreted by
.IR slinky .
.TP
.B \-d
Print esoteric debug information (you don't want to use this).
.TP
.B \-e
Print different esoteric debug information (you don't want to use this
either).
.TP
.B \-v
Print the \fIslinky\fP version number on the standard output before linking.
.TP
.BI \-l " hexaddress"
By default, \fIslinky\fP starts putting relocatable modules at location 0x100.
The \fB-l\fR option lets you tell it to put things anywhere.  This option can
be used more than once in a single link command and can be interspersed with
the names of the object files being linked.  Thus
.br
	\fBslinky foo.obj -l 0x3800 bar.obj baz.obj -l 0x5000 snood.obj\fP
.br
loads `foo.obj' starting at location 0x100, `bar.obj' and `baz.obj'
consecutively starting at location 0x3800 and `snood.obj' starting at location
0x5000.
.TP
.BI \-o " output"
Name the final output file
.IR output .
If this option is not used the output will be placed in the file `s.out'.
.TP
.BI \-m " mapfile"
Generate a load map listing, showing the values of all symbols after linking
and put it in the file
.IR mapfile .
If
.IR mapfile
is ``\fB-\fR'', the load map will go to the standard output.
.TP
.B \-n
If generating a load map, suppress the printing of the names of the files that
reference each symbol.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
macross(1), the Macross manual
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
The diagnostics produced by Slinky are \fIintended\fR to be self-explanatory.
.SH BUGS
Who knows what bugs lurk there?  Nobody's used it yet!
